Why do I want to travel
When I was 20 I visited Ireland and fell in love with Europe.  I loved visiting Dublin and London.  And, I haven't had the opportunity to visit anywhere else.
I'm unhappy living in Massachussetts.  I've been here for a long time, and have grown tired of the scenery and the winters.
I don't like my job, the stress and the commute are making me very depressed.
I don't want to take a new job right away in case I feel similarly burnt out at the new job.  The idea of changing jobs and locations just felt like too much for me.


Why do I feel anxious
I'm really overwhelmed about what the process will look like when I get back home.  I'll need to find a new job and a new apartment, and decide what city I want to move to.
I'm scared of losing the security of a job and the familiarity of the area I live now.
I'm tired and haven't seen friends in a long time.
I'm lonely
I'm sick, and my system is exhausted.
I have a false sense that I will need to figure out where I will live and what I will do quickly.  I can easily afford a 6 month job search post travel.


What can I do to feel less anxious?
Ask friends about people looking for roommates with 9/1 leases.
Ask about the possibility of re-signing the 9/1 lease in Thatcher.


Talk with Ian, Brooke, Mr. Dillon, Aunt Sharon.

Call Brooke, call Casey, call aunt Sharon, call Mr. Dillon.

Times that I've felt very anxious before and how I overcame them:

Title 9 Issue:
    Seeking therapy
    Asking for help from trusted adults
    Giving myself space to lie down and worry
    IT WORKED OUT OKAY


Quitting RA job:
    Asking for help from mom and dad
    Asking for help from trusted adults
    Being persistent
    Giving myself space to lie down and worry
    IT WORKED OUT OKAY


Moving into Thatcher apartment
    Calling Mom and Dad
    Talking to Ian
    Giving myself space to lie down and worry
    Asking for help with therapy
    Medication
    Not giving up on finding a solution for myself
    IT WORKED OUT OKAY


Signing lease for 71 Pontiac
    Talking to therapist
    Talking to mom and dad
    IT WORKED OUT OKAY


Angie
    Asking for advice from friends
    Talking to my therapist
    Watching a movie
    IT WORKED OUT OKAY


Losing Dad
    Talking to mom, friends, therapists
    Giving myself space to lie down and worry


Tinnitus
    Talking to mom, friends, therapists


Car crash
    Talking to mom
    Seeking therapy
    Alcohol
    Giving myself time to lie down and worry
    IT WORKED OUT OKAY



The way I would go about this in future:
    One step at a time.
        Ask for leave of absence to travel
        Come back and work
        